>> Speaker 1: Cody points in the chat,
the can I use ha sa partial support for
Aria.
>> Jon Kuperman: Yeah, okay.
Yeah.
[LAUGH] That's a good point.
Aria in general, it's a big speck
with a lot of different things in it,
and a lot of is,
I'm not exactly sure why this happens.
But a lot of it is left up to discretion
for the screen readers, for the device,
which is where I think the stuff that we
covered today is pretty safely universal.
But when you get in to some
more of the complex stuff,
the support is pretty all over the place.
A lot of the basic stuff with ARIA was
made to fill in gaps that didn't exist
in html, and a lot of that's supported but
Aria has a ton of different stuff.
Screen readers are private.
Company is not really held to much.
It's kind of like the old days of
the browsers where there wasn't really all
that much reason to follow the spec
as much as, just do your own thing.
But, in my experience, Doing the things
that we've covered here has really,
really wide support with
the different screen readers.
That being said, I have run into
a few weird bugs where it's been on
a specific version of JAWS that
doesn't handle something the same way.
I would definitely say all the things
that we covered today, skiplinks and
all the roles and everything like that,
that's going to be very well supported.
Q18 uses browser stack for
testing devices.
>> Speaker 3: Is there something
equivalent for screen readers?
>> Jon Kuperman: I don't think there is.
Yeah, I really don't think there is.
I mean, you can get a lot from the static
analysis tools, a lot of good stuff,
this is a bad label, but
that's not really using a screen reader.
So, they have the two
things that there aren't.
There's no screen reader API at all and
then,
there's no automated actual screen
reader testing tools that I've seen.
But you can get pretty far
with hooking up and Ally.
One of those linters.
>> Speaker 1: Again, from Ben Are there
any certain methods of authentication that
work better for people with disabilities?
For examples,
are passwords ever a problem.
Are there any methods that are strongly
preferred, and are there better ways to
implement to FA, to factor authentication.
>> Jon Kuperman: Okay,
so, a big one that comes to mind right
away is, like the difficulty with some of
the anti-spam stuff,
like Captchas that i mentioned.
So if you have Captchas they can be really
problematic for users with disabilities.
As far as 2FA goes,
it's really interesting.
I haven't seen anything done
in that realm specifically.
I don't think there is much.
You have a screen reader on your phone
just as well as you have a screen reader
on your computer, so
if it's logging in from the computer and
sending a text message,
that's still very doable.
But I haven't seen any
accessibility specific to FA stuff.
And then as far as log-ins and
passwords go, I think really,
I mean following a few of the things
that we covered, like rolls, labels,
descriptions and
then just a good U I is definitely enough.
The two factor one interests me.
I would definitely like to do
a little bit more research, and
if there's any accessibility
preferences were two factor off.
But I haven't seen anything like that.
>> Jon Kuperman: I
don't know if you have.
>> Speaker 4: I saw a presentation
given last year at the season conference
which is an international disabilities
conference by a couple of
accessibility professionals at AT&T.
And it was generally about security.
And they touched on two factor auth And
there were two concerns that
they brought up in general.
One which was, because you may
have someone with the disability,
who's using assistive technology,
let's say on their desktop computer.
>> Jon Kuperman: Uh-huh.
>> Speaker 4: But they're being required
to use two factor auth on their phone It
may actually be physically difficult for
them to move
>> Jon Kuperman: Sure.
>> Speaker 4: Between those two devices
and especially if there's a timer
between when the first action and
the second should have to be completed.
>> Jon Kuperman: Right.
>> Speaker 4: The other thing was,
that you have to ensure that
both of the devices that you're
putting them in the position to have
to use, that those experiences are both
fully accessible as well.
>> Jon Kuperman: Right.
Yeah, so I think that the most
common approach being like,
you get a text message to your phone.
I mean the first one's
definitely an issue.
But in a similar sense,
it's the same issue for everyone, right?
Which is kind of the point of the two FAs,
that you have to stop what
you're doing and switch devices.
But a text message would be fully
accessible for people on the phone.
One thing I might look into
huluauthenticator and duosecurity.
Are those accessible apps?
So, if instead of a text message if you're
requiring the user to unlock their phone,
go to an authenticator and
generate a token, then go back.
So, that would be I guess
a concern around 2FAs
if you recommend an authenticator app,
making sure that it itself is accessible.
I do think it's something to be aware of,
that you're asking potentially
a lot from users, but on the other hand,
in a sense, that's kind of the whole point
of the extra authentication layer is that
You know, by its very nature it has to be
a second device, it has to be
a second Also, CSUN is awesome.
If you all get a chance to go,
it's quite good.
It's like, I think, the biggest
accessibility conference of the year.
There's always really great talks.
>> Speaker 5: Can you say that name again,
please?
>> Jon Kuperman: CSUN.
C-S-U-N.
>> Speaker 4: It's California State
University at Northridge.
And they have an international
accessibility conference every year, last
few years it's been down in San Diego.
>> Speaker 5: So, is there an acronym for
the actual conference?
>> Speaker 4: CSUN.
>> Speaker 5: That's the school.
>> Speaker 4: Well, yes,
if you google CSUN-
>> Jon Kuperman: I think at this point
the conference has outranked
the school as far as, but yeah, here.
I mean if you just.
>> Speaker 5: I heard CSUN I'm like
I got the school that's all I got.
>> Jon Kuperman: Gotcha.
Yeah, it's quite good.
They always have people that
are doing really cutting age stuff,
really interesting stuff.